Added doxygen and small 'manual'. (#48)
eProsima/xtypes: README.md

- `get_all_types`: Retrieves a map with all the defined types.
- `get_all_scoped_types`: Retrieves a map with all the defined types, whose key is with the scoped name.

### Generator

> Analogous but in opossite direction of `parse()` method, you can generate idl content from ypur defined types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analogous but in the opposite direction of the `parse()` method, you can generate IDL content from your defined types.
```

Exists two methods to archive this.
- `generator(const StructType& type)`, that generates the corresponding IDL for the given structure
  (and all its dependencies).

> - `genetator(const Module& module)`, that generates the correspondig IDL of the entire module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generator(const Module& module)`, that generates the corresponding IDL of the entire module.
```
